.TH ESCROTUM 1 "January 2018"
.SH NAME
escrotum \- screenshot capture program inspired by scrot
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B escrotum
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]... [\fI\,FILENAME\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Minimalist screenshot capture program inspired by scrot.
.PP
.I FILENAME
optional positional argument defines image filename, default is %Y-%m-%d-%H%M%S_$wx$h_escrotum.png
.PP
\fB\-\-exec\fR option (see below) and \fIFILENAME\fR parameters can take format specifiers that are expanded by escrotum when encountered.

There are two types of format specifier. Characters preceded by a '%' are interpreted by \fBstrftime\fR(2). These options may be used to refer to the current date and time. The second kind are internal to escrotum and are prefixed by '$'. The following specifiers are recognised:
.br
$f - image path/filename (ignored when used in the \fIFILENAME\fR)
.br
$h - image height
.br
$w - image width
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-clipboard\fR
store the image on the clipboard
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-countdown\fR
show a countdown before taking the shot (requires delay)
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-delay\fR=\fI\,SECONDS\/\fR
wait specified number of seconds before taking a shot
.TP
\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-exec\fR=\fI\,COMMAND\/\fR
run specified command after the image is taken
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-select\fR
interactively choose a window or rectangle with the mouse, cancels with Esc or Right Click
.TP
\fB\-\-selection\-delay\fR=\fI\,MILLISECONDS\/\fR
wait specified number of milliseconds before taking a shot after selection
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
output version information and exit
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-xid\fR=\fI\,XID\/\fR
take a screenshot of the xid window
.SH EXIT STATUS
1 can't get the window by xid
.br
2 invalid pixbuf
.br
3 can't save the image
.br
4 user canceled selection
.br
5 can't grab the mouse
.SH AUTHOR
Roger Duran <rogerduran@gmail.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © Roger Duran.  License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
